Notification 

REST Test every sprint

All automation 

Light regression on SL + GL 

Records for transparency  


Rashmi n Bhawana come up with a light regression script (test plan)
Record to vista 
Cancel some items

Please find the Intercall Conference Number details:

Std International Dial-In Number: +44 (0) 3306 068934

Participant Conference Code: 4782640469

Leader Conference Code: 3928559217


Planning meeting 
SCD > release to transition > 

Someone adds a member with additional comments > add test to full or regression 
Move cards that doesnt require testing to complete 

Completed test release is moved to the archive 
 
 
 Time sheet ----- Records Days 

End of month calculation?????

Investigate sync calender..... days off

cc Caroline in to keep update 

work request

MSE-BSG Testing 

service now> work request > my group works????

Requests by email need to goes to Service now 

Strategy for end of the month 

Edit reports as necessary 

Email...... quick reply necessary (Habit)

Read.......management books (team management) 

Meeting.......action points from each one > summary & cc Caroline 



the scope of the project
the limitation of the tool
how much the tool costs
the tool’s usability and convenience
the testing environment
compatibility


Assuming day to day QA team management, in addition to assigned testing responsibilities for Palgrave HE CRM and Atlas Data Loader projects. Whilst scheduling any new testing requests i.e. those other than Supply Chain Sprint testing e.g. Palgrave.com

Managing QA Team holiday , wfh requests, sickness, training etc. Also reporting QA team activities to Ian Hackett via Service Delivery Status Report each month


attend the daily scrum, fortnightly planning and retrospective. Whilst supervising coordinates the sprint testing tasks for Rashmi and Bhawna via the Trello board

clear any blockers with the test/staging environment

Respond promptly to any communication from the team/line manager e.g sickness, wfh, holidays

Raise any issues with QA team scheduling in weekly one-to-one with myself and Ian

moment is to find someone who can update/create test automation scripts in selenium.






